README.md, before:

# 🚀 Quizzical

![GitHub Repo stars](https://img.shields.io/github/stars/piaseckijulian/Quizzical?style=for-the-badge)
![GitHub forks](https://img.shields.io/github/forks/piaseckijulian/Quizzical?style=for-the-badge)
![GitHub watchers](https://img.shields.io/github/watchers/piaseckijulian/Quizzical?style=for-the-badge)

Quizzical is a fun and easy-to-use trivia quiz app where you can test your knowledge on various topics. 🚀

<img src="./public/thumbnail.png" alt="Image of Quizzical" width="800" height="400" />

## 🔗 Links

- [Live Demo](https://julian-quizzical.vercel.app)
- [Open Trivia Database API](https://opentdb.com)

## 📐 Tech Stack

- Next.js
- TypeScript
- Zustand
- React Loader Spinner
- Axios
- Sass
- He
- Clsx

## ✨ Usage

```bash
git clone https://github.com/piaseckijulian/Quizzical.git
cd Quizzical
pnpm dev
```

That's it! - You're good to go. You can add new features, fix bugs etc.

## 🌐 License

This software is licensed under the [MIT License](https://github.com/piaseckijulian/Quizzical/blob/main/LICENSE)

## ⭐ Credits

This is the Final Solo Project of [Bob Ziroll's](https://twitter.com/bobziroll) [React Course](https://scrimba.com/learn/learnreact)

Commit message:

chore: update quick start section in readme

README.md, after:

# 🚀 Quizzical

![GitHub Repo stars](https://img.shields.io/github/stars/piaseckijulian/Quizzical?style=for-the-badge)
![GitHub forks](https://img.shields.io/github/forks/piaseckijulian/Quizzical?style=for-the-badge)
![GitHub watchers](https://img.shields.io/github/watchers/piaseckijulian/Quizzical?style=for-the-badge)

Quizzical is a fun and easy-to-use trivia quiz app where you can test your knowledge on various topics. 🚀

<img src="./public/thumbnail.png" alt="Image of Quizzical" width="800" height="400" />

## 🔗 Links

- [Live Demo](https://julian-quizzical.vercel.app)
- [Open Trivia Database API](https://opentdb.com)

## 📐 Tech Stack

- Next.js
- TypeScript
- Zustand
- React Loader Spinner
- Axios
- Sass
- He
- Clsx

## ✨ Quick Start

Here’s how to set up the project on your local machine.

**Prerequisites**

Ensure that the following are installed on your machine:

- [Git](https://git-scm.com)
- [Node.js](https://nodejs.org/en)
- [pnpm](https://pnpm.io)

**Cloning the Repository**

```bash
git clone https://github.com/piaseckijulian/Quizzical.git
cd Quizzical
```

**Installation**

```bash
pnpm i
```

**Running the Project**

```bash
pnpm dev
```

That's it! - You're good to go. The projest should be live on http://localhost:3000

## 🌐 License

This software is licensed under the [MIT License](https://github.com/piaseckijulian/Quizzical/blob/main/LICENSE)

## ⭐ Credits

This is the Final Solo Project of [Bob Ziroll's](https://twitter.com/bobziroll) [React Course](https://scrimba.com/learn/learnreact)
